amend merge criteria (#187)
instructlab/dev-docs: README.md

  out from maintainers of relevant components. The broader the scope or more
  controversial the change, the more broad the consensus should be required for
  merging. The final approval and merge (or action, e.g. deleting a repo)
  falls to two maintainers of any InstructLab Organization repository as well as
  an additional third maintainer of any InstructLab Organization repository to

>   merge the PR, denoting that the sufficient reviews have been given. If there are

Reviewer: Nit: that the sufficient -> that sufficient

At least I think that's better?

Reviewer: Sorry one more:

> denoting that the sufficient reviews have been given

could be confused to mean that the act of third maintainer merging is what denotes that sufficient review is given as opposed to having the merger taking on the responsibility of "sufficient review enforcer".

Suggestion:

... InstructLab Organization repository to merge the PR after verifying that sufficient reviews have been given.

  out from maintainers of relevant components. The broader the scope or more
  controversial the change, the more broad the consensus should be required for
  merging. The final approval and merge (or action, e.g. deleting a repo)

>   falls to a member of the Oversight Committee, 2 Maintainers of any InstructLab Organization repository, or any 2 Organization owners. This final review is to ensure that

Reviewer 2: Would be nice to keep wrapping consistent...

>   falls to a member of the Oversight Committee, 2 Maintainers of any InstructLab Organization repository, or any 2 Organization owners. This final review is to ensure that

Reviewer 3: My hope is we won't use Org Owners very much in the future, and we can stick to positions with more power in the org being more democractic - that being said, I'd prefer the following text

```suggestion
  falls to either **one** member of the Oversight Committee or **three** Maintainers of any InstructLab Organization repository. This final review is to ensure that
```

Reviewer 4: As written, it sounds like the is requires three people who are all maintainers of the *same* InstructLab Organization repository.  However, I think it would be better if it were any three people each of whom are a maintainer of at least one InstructLab Organization repository.  Maybe a concise way to write that would be "three InstructLab repository maintainers"?

>   falls to a member of the Oversight Committee, 2 Maintainers of any InstructLab Organization repository, or any 2 Organization owners. This final review is to ensure that

Reviewer: Suggestion: Remove oversight committee member from this list of approvers (1 committee member != two maintainers but the OC committee members can certainly chime in). And add a follow-on sentence that if there is contention with a given PR that can't be resolved by maintainers, the oversight committee should be consulted as an arbitrator.

Note that (from my understanding) the purpose of the committee was to make sure the rules were followed and sufficient review was given (meaning 2 approvals may not be enough for some submissions).  So we might want to change the wording to not just be two approvals from maintainers, but instead have two maintainer approvals + for whoever presses the merge button, they are signing off that sufficient review was given.

Author: this makes sense to me! I will do this as well as removing the idea of "org owners" from the list of people who have these permissions

>   falls to two maintainers of any InstructLab Organization repository as well as an additional third maintainer of any InstructLab Organization repository to merge the PR, denoting that the proper reviews have been given. If there are disputes on the design document that cannot be resolved, an Oversight Committee member can be consulted as an arbitrator. These approvals ensure that

Reviewer: +1 to the wording/rules with a nit that "appropriate" or "sufficient" might fit better than "proper".  Word wrapping should probably be cleaned up still.
